Iraq Peshmerga fighters arrive in embattled Kobani
https://www.cnn.com/2014/10/31/world/meast/isis-threat/index.html
100 feared trapped in India landslide debris
https://www.cnn.com/2014/08/01/world/asia/india-landslide/index.html
Carter criticizes Obama on ISIS: 'We waited too long'
https://www.cnn.com/2014/10/08/politics/jimmy-carter-obama-isis/index.html
"Hong Kong's youth arm with cell phones, umbrellas"
https://www.cnn.com/2014/09/29/world/asia/hong-kong-internet-youth-protest/index.html
'Big Bang Theory' star Kaley Cuoco weds
https://www.cnn.com/2014/01/01/showbiz/celebrity-news-gossip/kaley-cuoco-big-bang-married/index.html
Robert Joe of 'I Wouldn't Go in There': Asia's scariest places | CNN Travel
https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/asias-scariest-places/index.html
"In Albuquerque, protesters clash with police"
https://www.cnn.com/2014/03/31/us/new-mexico-protest-police/index.html
Harvard approves student group devoted to kinky sex on campus
https://www.cnn.com/2012/11/30/us/harvard-kinky-sex-club/index.html
"Omarosa Manigault Newman, ex-'Apprentice' star, to leave the White House"
https://www.cnn.com/2017/12/13/politics/omarosa-manigault-newman-white-house/index.html
Today in politics: Live updates
https://www.cnn.com/2017/12/13/politics/politics-latest/index.html
"DACA state of play: Trouble in the Senate, pressure rising in the House"
https://www.cnn.com/2017/12/01/politics/daca-state-of-play-congress/index.html
Israeli official: Proof of US role in UN vote to be given to Trump
https://www.cnn.com/2016/12/25/politics/israel-un-settlements-netanyahu-ambassadors/index.html
NYC Council OKs raising legal age to buy tobacco products to 21
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/30/us/new-york-city-tobacco-age/index.html
Thousands chip in to help family adopt
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/living/lets-bring-richard-home/index.html
"Israeli planes strike Syrian military base, U.S. official says"
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/world/meast/syria-civil-war/index.html
"Kenyan warplanes bomb Islamist camp in Somalia, military says"
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/us/kenyan-al-shabab-attack/index.html
Sandusky raises another appeal
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/justice/penn-state-sandusky-appeal/index.html
The lights of Diwali
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/world/the-lights-of-diwali/index.html
Bruce Springsteen to tour South Africa for first time
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/showbiz/south-africa-bruce-springsteen/index.html
Which celeb costume won Halloween?
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/showbiz/celebrity-news-gossip/halloween-celeb-costumes-post/index.html
Euro pioneer: Europe would have suffered without single currency
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/business/maastricht-treaty-anniversary-europe-mpe/index.html
Stranded camper saved from starvation
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/world/americas/canada-hiker-rescue/index.html
Kansas school bus goes off bridge; children pulled from creek
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/us/kansas-bus-crash/index.html
Kenyans protest after suspects in gang rape sentenced to cut grass
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/world/africa/kenya-liz-protests/index.html
3 detained after 'sophisticated' San Diego-Tijuana drug tunnel found
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/us/mexico-drug-tunnel/index.html
Beached sperm whale euthanized in Florida
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/us/beached-whale/index.html
Opinion: Beware of cultuphobia
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/opinion/navarrette-cultuphobia/index.html
LAX shooting underlines security vulnerabilities
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/travel/guns-in-airports/index.html
Alex Rodriguez lashes out against MLB commissioner
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/us/baseball-alex-rodriguez-investigation/index.html
Sahara desert deaths: Niger declares 3 days of mourning for 92 dead
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/world/africa/niger-sahara-bodies/index.html
CIA operatives to testify at classified Benghazi hearing
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/politics/benghazi-cia-hearing/index.html
Nation gets 'C' for preterm birth rates
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/health/preterm-births/index.html
"War of words heats up China, Japan tensions"
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/30/opinion/japan-china-spat-kingston/index.html
Opinion: Cuts will take food off the table for 47 million Americans
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/30/opinion/aiken-food-stamp-cuts/index.html
Trick or treat? Canada seizes cocaine-filled pumpkins at airport
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/world/americas/canada-cocaine-pumpkins/index.html
Role reversal: Men model on Ducati motorcycle
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/living/ducati-panigale-male-models/index.html
Marvin Gaye heirs sue 'Blurred Lines' artists
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/showbiz/blurred-lines-lawsuit/index.html
Are you a great white or a guppy? Test your shark knowledge
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/world/great-white-shark-quiz/index.html
Early puberty: Growing older sooner
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/health/early-puberty-girls/index.html
Twins study shows smoking ages your face faster
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/health/smoking-aging-identical-twins/index.html
"Mayor of small Georgia city shot at home, hospitalized"
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/justice/georgia-mayor-shot/index.html
Africa's secret weapon: The diaspora
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/opinion/africas-secret-weapon-diaspora/index.html
Opinion: The right to know if you're eating genetically modified food
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/opinion/cohen-greenfield-gmos/index.html
Laurie Anderson brings 'joy' to the sad passing of Lou Reed
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/showbiz/celebrity-news-gossip/lou-reed-wife-obit/index.html
Halloween with Houdini -- annual attempt to contact dead escapologist | CNN Travel
https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/houdini-seance/index.html
The fight to free Myanmar's child soldiers
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/15/world/asia/myanmar-burma-child-soldiers/index.html
Wedding etiquette: To keep or to toss?
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/living/matrimony-etiquette-to-toss/index.html
Exercise: It's what we evolved to do
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/health/evolution-exercise/index.html
Natalie Portman: Science's unlikely heroine?
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/showbiz/natalie-portman-science-unlikely-heroine/index.html
"More human remains found at Carson, California, water treatment plant"
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/us/california-human-remains/index.html
"Day after shooting, LAX works to get back to normal"
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/02/travel/lax-shooting-delays/index.html
Sources: Pakistani Taliban leader killed in drone strike
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/world/asia/pakistan-violence/index.html
"Pirates use millions of dollars in ransom on drugs, prostitutes"
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/02/world/africa/horn-of-africa-piracy-loot/index.html
"Obama, al-Maliki to address Iraq's violence spike at White House"
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/politics/obama-al-maliki-meeting/index.html
LAX shooting delays flights nationwide
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/travel/lax-shooting-delays/index.html
Mexican senate: Tax on high-calorie food could bite into obesity
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/world/americas/junk-food-tax-mexico/index.html
Saturday's Boston Red Sox victory parade to heal city's marathon pain
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/us/boston-red-sox-win-meaning/index.html
Man sees pregnant wife stabbed on videochat
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/02/justice/texas-stabbing-videochat/index.html
GOP on insurance cancellations: 'We told you so'
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/politics/gop-obamacare-told-you-so/index.html
"JetBlue, Delta move quickly to allow extended use of devices"
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/02/travel/faa-portable-electronic-devices/index.html
Huntsmans donate to cancer center expansion
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/health/huntsman-cancer/index.html
"Chaos, terror unfold inside Terminal 3: 'Gun! Everybody get down'"
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/us/lax-gunfire-vignettes/index.html
Pakistan summons U.S. envoy after death of Pakistan Taliban leader
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/02/world/asia/pakistan-taliban/index.html
Bahrain's battle to save its ancient burial mounds
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/world/meast/in-bahrain-development-chips-away/index.html
Report: 7 dead in mine blast in southwest China
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/02/world/asia/china-miners-killed/index.html
FBI: 23-year-old L.A. man is suspect in airport shooting
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/us/lax-gunfire/index.html
"Conyers hosts Running of the Bulls, a scene wholly unlike Pamplona"
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/02/us/conyers-georgia-running-of-the-bulls/index.html
6 things presidents wish they hadn't said
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/02/politics/obama-read-my-lips-moment/index.html
"New York City Marathon back, with revamped security"
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/03/us/new-york-marathon/index.html
Opinion: The safety hitch of electronics on plane
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/opinion/abend-flight-regulations-electronics/index.html
'Brilliant Bus' shrinking digital divide
https://www.cnn.com/2013/04/04/us/cnnheroes-pyfrom-brilliant-bus/index.html
Court blocks ruling against NYPD's stop-and-frisk policy
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/justice/new-york-stop-frisk/index.html
Cigarette lighter gas pump fire leads to criminal charge
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/03/justice/cigarette-lighter-gas-station-fire/index.html
Brief solar eclipse comes to U.S. East Coast at sunrise Sunday
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/02/us/solar-eclipse-sunday/index.html
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford says he won't resign despite video
https://www.cnn.com/2013/10/31/world/americas/canada-toronto-mayor-crack/index.html
Israel says it destroyed 2 tunnels in Gaza
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/world/meast/israel-gaza-tunnels/index.html
'Escape from Tomorrow': The dark side of Disney
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/01/showbiz/escape-from-tomorrow/index.html
Boston Red Sox parade reclaims marathon finish line
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/02/us/boston-red-sox-parade/index.html
Kerry: U.S. ties with Egypt 'vital'
https://www.cnn.com/2013/11/03/world/africa/egypt-us-kerry/index.html